you can responsibly call me unreliable
throw-in I'm the pan gg
to
ever
town
irresponsible tell me that
practical rainbows
I'm inclined to pursue
I am
responsibly
you
lovely well that was the birthday the
other good thing it was a camp all day
yeah we have a nice time anyway
now Craig what do you think ah sweet
very very stylish routine I thought
Darren your shoulders the turtle were
finally down been paying a great deal of
attention to the detail in the footwork
because I saw some very nice Hill turns
there I would like to see a little bit
more sweet to it but very very close
yeah much yes beautiful hold best
performance in terms of acting that fix
expression that real Foxtrot was
fantastic I would have liked to have
seen you just drive the thing is it's
difficult to compare a jive to a Foxtrot
but I'll tell you this liturgy in its
own way it was as good as the jive
rejection
Bruder Leticia to the ballroom reborn
the qualities of the Foxtrot is
unhurried and control and retain grace
you did all of that and plus great job
the judges scores
Craig Revel Horwood eight
Hey
I know you've had in the competition so
far it was like the dress round was it
no